invoke the build compiler npm build
checkout the repo
navigate to repo
invoke the build command npm build command and node for build
pakage the build artifact
upload the pakage artifact repo to nexus

prepare update certificate on onpremices
store in hashicorp vault point no4
change git to hashicorp vault

istallation comes in technical specification


Difference between steps and technical specification
in steps write manual task
technical specification write for technical point of prespective


we need to talk about enable debugging and enble or disable session for on premises in the next meetigng

remove 8th and 9th point from adhoc task
invoke th compiler or build program to compile the code
git checkout 2nd step
make the neccesorry adptation 

Git
Jenkins
Nexus
Node
GitHub



Sure, here are the general steps to manually build source code for a specific branch on an ad-hoc basis:

Clone the repository: Clone the repository using Git or any other version control system you prefer. For example, if you're using Git, you can run the following command in the terminal: git clone <repository URL>.

Switch to the branch: Once you have cloned the repository, switch to the branch you want to build using the git checkout command. For example, if you want to build the develop branch, you can run the following command: git checkout develop.

Install dependencies: Make sure you have all the dependencies and packages required to build the source code. You can typically find this information in the README.md or INSTALL.md file in the repository. Install the dependencies by following the instructions provided.

Build the source code: Depending on the programming language and build system used, there may be different ways to build the source code. Typically, you would run a command such as make, npm run build, or mvn package to build the source code. Again, the exact command will depend on the repository you are working with.

Test the build: Once the build is complete, you can test the build by running any tests provided in the repository. This will ensure that the build is stable and ready to be used.

Deploy the build: If you want to deploy the build, you will need to follow the deployment instructions provided in the repository. This may involve copying files to a specific directory, running scripts, or uploading the build to a remote server.

